 ;I followed my brother to town square, but its midnight what would he do out here?;0;L
 ;I guess he is just walking around. He's been abit off ever since Dad died.;0;L
 ;Joseph walked towards the water fountain and sat down. Seems like he was waiting for someone.;0;L
 ;Should i approach him?;0;L
Player;Wait:line,17;Approach:line,5
Joshua;Hey! Joseph What are you doing all the way out here?;0;L
 ;Joseph looked around and then spotted me. He seemed displeased and signaled me to come closer, so i walked towards him.;0;L
Joseph;Quiet down, The Nazi might hear you Joshua. Thats my question why are you out here? Were you following me?;0;R
 ;Might have been a bad idea approaching him.;0;L
Joshua;Ummm... Yeah i was. Saw you leaving the house, so i thought something was up.;0;L
 ;Joseph scatches his head as if his plan has fallen apart. He was quiet so i waited for him to respond.;0;L
 ;Scheint schrecklich ruhig, niemand scheint uns zu wecken.;0;L
 ;Seems like a Nazi patrol coming this way. This isn't looking good.;0;L
Joseph;Look here i didn't want you to get involved, but i don't have a choice right now so follow me.;0;R
 ;Joseph ran towards the back ally.;0;L
 ;Sounds like the patrol is getting closer. Guess i don't really have much of a choice.;0;L
LoadScenes;Scene3.1
 ;Guess i'll wait and see what he will do.;0;L
 ;Hmmm... He isn't doing anything maybe i should approach him.;0;L
 ;I was about to walk towards him, but then I saw Joseph stood up as if he heard something coming. So i returned to where i was and stayed quiet.;0;L
 ;Something spooked him and he quickly ran towards the back alley.;0;L
 ;Huh.. I wasn't sure what had happened. Should i risk it and follow him or should i wait for him to come back?;0;L
Player;Wait:line 23, ;Follow:scene,3.2
 ;I walked towards the other side of town square so i could get a better angle.;0;L
 ;I turned my head towards the way Joseph went and waited for him to come back this way.;0;L
 ;Was machst du hier?;0;L
 ;Huh? I turned my head back.;0;L
 ;Wer bist du? Sperre ihn auf.;0;L
LoadScenes;StartPage
 