 ;As i walked inside that's when i realize that we were raided. I quickly rush down to see if there were any bodies lying around.;0;L
 ;There was no one no bodies no blood no nothing.;0;L
 ;How did they know about this place? Who betrayed us? Who would sell out his fellow country men? These thoughts were circulating through my mind and i was left frustrated.;0;L
 ; What about Joseph? Did he get captured? I can't tell at all, There was no sign of anything. The only thing i can see is stuff scattered around the place. The radio is busted, the table is turned over, and the armory box was emptied out. What were they trying to find?;0;L
 ;Arghhh....What should i do?;0;L
Player;Go back home:line,6;Look around for a bit:line,8;Go to Town Square:line,7
LoadScenes;Scene7.2
LoadScenes;Scene7.1
 ; Hmmm... I'm not sure what i can find here, but i guess it could lead me somewhere;0;L
 ;The vault is open. I've never been inside before, there could be something inside. Or should I search around the radio there is always a note there. The maps seems like there was something marked on it i guess it could be a clue to where the others went.;0;L
Player;Search the vault:line,11;Look around the radio:line,16;Pick up the map:line,19
 ;I walked towards the vault door hoping there isn't any dead body inside. It got me anxious again not knowing what inside and what is in it now.;0;L
 ;I peaked inside it was empty. Whatever it was that was in here is gone. There seems to be no clue or any trace left behind.;0;L
 ;Should i take a look at other things or should i leave?;0;L
Player;Leave:line,16;Continue searching:line,9
LoadScenes;Scene7.1
 ;I walked up to the raido and search the surroding area.;0;L
 ;Hmmm.. There seems to be nothing left behind.;0;L
 ;Should i take a look at other things or should i leave?;0;L
Player;Leave:line,16;Continue searching:line,9
 ;I picked up the map that was on the ground and spread it, seems like there were some holes left by the pins. According to the holes left behind by the pins they are mostly focused on the north east of France.;0;L
 ;Huh... What's gonna happen in the marked spot? I couldn't figure it out even with the info I had I've got nothing. This left me puzzled. Not sure what to do.;0;L
 ;Maybe there are clues elsewhere but should i look at other things first?;0;L
Player;Leave:line,16;Continue searching:line,9